Remove outdated elastic stack doc (#670)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/guides/efk-stack-app-oidc/index.md

---
title: Configure OIDC for EFK Stack App
description: Configure authentication with kibana and the efk-stack-app through OIDC
date: 2020-10-30
type: page
weight: 50
tags: ["recipe"]
---

> # Setup OIDC to authenticate with Kibana and EFK Stack App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up OIDC to authenticate with Kibana and EFK Stack App
```

Not sure, but it's two words, no? I know, this is not in scope of the PR, but once we are here...
